Update compare-groups.md (#4872)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/admin/create-groups/compare-groups.md

Security groups can be [configured for dynamic membership in Azure Active Directory](/azure/active-directory/users-groups-roles/groups-change-type), allowing group members or devices to be added or removed automatically based on user attributes such as department, location, or title; or device attributes such as operating system version.

Security groups can be added to a Teams channel.

## Mail-enabled security groups

Mail-enabled security groups function the same as regular security groups, except that they cannot be dynamically managed through Azure Active Directory and cannot contain devices.

They include the ability to send mail to all the members of the group.

Mail-enabled security groups can be added to a Teams channel.

## Shared mailboxes

[Shared mailboxes](../email/create-a-shared-mailbox.md) are used when multiple people need access to the same mailbox, such as a company information or support email address, reception desk, or other function that might be shared by multiple people.

Shared mailboxes can receive external emails if the administrator has enabled this.

> Shared mailbox includes a calendar that can be used for collaboration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shared mailboxes include a calendar that can be used for collaboration.
```
